Everyone, welcome to the tiling problem.
Who some of you might have heard about it and most of you might have solved it as well.
Right?
What I would suggest is that, okay, if you have all this tiling problem, then you might skip this
part.
But there is a next video which is a follow up of the Italian problem.
And after that I have another one which is a be follow a follow up of detailing problem data.
You can you might skip this because it's the basic problem this one but do not skip the next and next
28 because that will help you solve various versions of tiling problem.
Let's understand this.
Given it to growth and bought here we can see two across and is two tenure and tiles of sales across
one.
So we can see details.
So basically this is two across one and this is one close to eight out in the middle based tile, the
given word using two cross when tiles.
So this is two grosman tiles are that you can replace horizontally vertically ever tile basically it's
called a dominoes or dominoes is a rectangle in short.
And I have to play it these days and I tell you the number of ways I can fill this across ten board
with these dates, the number the different number of is eight.
So.
Let's understand this and it's very nice problem.
I mean, if you get this, you solve the next one.
You alter right to solve the next next problem.
And then I will give you two other problems that you should short and.
And I think that those two other problems might even a couple of days but eight.
Yeah it's the dive.
Do it.
Who goes in Italy.
Let's see.
Let's write in posted, which is often what is often a fan is the number of is.
Who died.
To cross in.
But with the times that I live in doing.
A bit.
Two crossword puzzles.
Well.
So what we we'll do is see in every tiling problem will do just one thing.
We will try to fill one column of it and then derive a revelation.
Just remember this part.
I'm not only talking about this problem, but every problem after this and will see the trick that is
involved here, which will ease which will help me in solving this problem.
So basically.
Let's just fill one column, the first column, eight.
But in how many ways can I fill the first column?
Completely.
So let's fill the first column.
The first base symbol that I used to cross one day.
And.
Ladies.
This can be the first to be read.
So if.
Yeah.
Look, we don't want this.
Listen very carefully, Ray.
This is important now.
Hmm.
So if this was the number of ways in which I could have filled.
If this was effen and if I'm applying if I'm filling just one column by this method.
And what should this be?
This is f of an minus one rate because I filled up one column.
I'm just asking, tell me how many number of eyes are there to fill the and minus one columns.
Eight.
So basically even.
Because two, even minus one right now, eight plus there would be something and then we'll discuss.
Okay.
So this is the first.
I think this is the first thing.
The first step.
The second step is right now, I feel I place detailed vertically.
I place one tile vertically and it's the first column.
Now in how many?
Now, what are the other ways in which I can fill the first column?
What are the different ways you.
Think about it.
LICHTMAN This.
Also I can.
Place the tiles horizontally.
If I place one data horizontally, it becomes this.
But as you can see, the first column is not completely filled.
So I will place a second time in this.
Manner to basically place two days over here.
So as you can see, it is quite different from the first approach in the first place.
When Dale and I was I was asking, tell me the number of views to fill in minus one.
But now here I have pleased that in a different manner I placed two tiles horizontally.
Don't confuse it with placing two tiles vertically.
Right.
So these are the different ways.
What it two grows to.
Let's say I just have to cross two.
There are two ways of placing it.
That means there's two days like this or place to tiles horizontally.
Both of them are different ways.
Right?
So this is different from.
This.
Do not get confused.
So always remember, I'm just talking about how to fill up the first column.
And if second column fills up automatically, it's not my head.
I'm just trying to fill up the first column in some different number of ways.
I just remember this, but this is a second way of filling the first column.
So what I get in this.
This is the second approach by placing two trains horizontally.
So the first approach was one tail vertically.
The first column was completely different.
Right.
And the second approach is.
You dial horizontally.
Great.
And now tell me if this is as a fan, then what is?
This.
The number of ways of filling the rest of the rest of the columns.
How many columns are there?
And my answer to this are different minus eight.
So let me just quickly add F when it comes to F and this one minus two.
Right.
So I've seen both these two, is it not?
Tell me.
Is there any other way in which I can fill the first column?
No.
I've tried hitting horizontally.
I tried placing vertically.
Is there any other ways in which naught eight?
I cannot think of any, but basically.
I got America's religion.
And as I said, this would be a very easy approach, very easy problem.
It is simple if only goes to F in minus one.
Because if in my house to which is none other than for when it is.
It.
We basically hit a400 or four one.
The number of ways in which I can fill this.
Only one.
It is one by placing one then vertically f2.
What is F2?
I have seen both the ways.
The both ways are this, this and this.
This is.
To eight.
And now what?
Three.
What will it be?
It will be nothing but f and deserve to.
Which is the right.
So do you want me to make all the trimmings?
It's very easy, right?
11.
How did I feel when I simplify living like this?
By placing one day less.
I'll add oodles like this.
This is what we doing.
And the second way is how do they.
What are the two ways of feeling F2?
So this was one way and this was the second way in which I placed two columns.
I filled up two columns, eight and after didn't simply apply one thing.
Here.
You can see, I mean, all three possible ways of filling.
Regrowth in grass treated.
Who goes to grow up to Christ.
Three Bored and we have got this what is that?
445 And you can like make all the possible variation, let's remember the quick to big because in the
next problem it is going to help you in the next to next problem.
It is going to help you a lot actually.
It's very confusing problem and it might give you a headache as I so.
This is a very easy problem.
This is a basic function of tackling problem.
I hope you understood this.
I'm not cutting this because legislation is very simple.
Well.
Thank you, everyone.
In the next part.